Executive Summary 

Problem Definition
Choosing travel packages can be time-consuming and difficult due to the vast amount of information available online. 
The first step in design thinking is to emphasise with the customer to determine their requirements for the new system. 
Empathising with the customer means to observe, listen and engage with them.
Second step is to define the problem once the customer needs are understood. 
Furthermore, the new system will allow calls from customers to be routed to certain relationship managers 
who can help them choose the right holiday package.
The relationship manager will differentiate customers on the basis of the Profiler tool which contains 
all of the customers information like name, age, and culture.
The information provided in the Profiler will increase the possibility of the relationship manager 
landing and closing a sale with the customer. 
The information provided in the Profiler allows the relationship manager to build a connection with the customer 
which is vital in making a sale. 
Thus, the call management system will add significant value to the organisation and will help improve current work processes.
Therefore, the CMS will provide a way to automate current processes within the travel company which currently require human intervention. 

Objectives 

Assumptions
- There are enough RMs on shift to deal with the flow of customers on a regular day
- Same RMs are on shift every day
- RMs have knowledge on all of the travel packages being offered by the company
- RMs have the ability to transfer customers on the call to different RMs who are more knowledgeable about the travel packages that are being discussed
- Customers are aware of the different packages being offered through the media advertisement


Stakeholders 

Point of view statements 

'How Might We' Statements 



Reflection on Assumptions 

After analysing the travel company’s situation, it is assumed that there are enough Relationship Managers (RMs) every day, 
and the same RMs are hired on a full-time work type, meaning they have the same shift every day of the week, 
maintaining consistency of their service offering. All RMs are assumed to have basic knowledge of all travel packages 
being offered by the travel company, however are not required to specialize in all product areas. Hence, RMs are assumed 
to have the capability to be able to transfer their customer on a call to a different RM, who can assist their specific 
requirements. This may occur if the first RM was wrongly matched to the customer by the system, if the RM knows that another 
RM can handle their customer’s enquiries better, or other relevant reasons. Additionally, it is assumed that customers have 
the ability to discover the different packages the travel company offers, through other media platforms such as advertisements,
a website and social media.



Product Backlog

Explaination of Agile Methodology 

Competitive Advantages 

Conclusion 
